Added documentation landing page (#143)
canonical/mongodb-operator: documentation/documentation_landing.md

## Charmed MongoDB Documentation 

> The Charmed MongoDB Operator delivers automated operations management from day 0 to day 2 on the [MongoDB Community Edition](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo) document database. It is an open source, end-to-end, production ready data platform on top of cloud native technologies.

Reviewer: I don't think our operator is cloud-native or juju is cloud-native.
```suggestion
The Charmed MongoDB Operator delivers automated operations management from day 0 to day 2 on the [MongoDB Community Edition](https://github.com/mongodb/mongo) document database. It is an open source, end-to-end, production-ready data platform on top of juju.
```

## Project and community

Charmed MongoDB is an official distribution of MongoDB. It’s an open-source project that welcomes community contributions, suggestions, fixes and constructive feedback.
- [Read our Code of Conduct](https://ubuntu.com/community/code-of-conduct)
- [Join the Discourse forum](https://discourse.charmhub.io/tag/mongodb)
- [Contribute and report bugs](https://github.com/canonical/mongodb-operator)

# Navigation

| Level | Path     | Navlink                         |
| ----- | -------- | ------------------------------- |
| 1 | Tutorials | [Tutorials]() |
| 2 | getting-started | [Getting started]() |
| 1 | how-tos-coming-soon | [How To -- Coming Soon]() |
| 1 | explanation-coming-soon | [Explanation -- Coming Soon]() |

> | 1 | reference-coming-soon | [Reference -- Coming Soon]() |

Author: We could put I believe these links have to be links to discourse posts?

> | 1 | reference-coming-soon | [Reference -- Coming Soon]() |

Reviewer 2: If this is not possible, we can of course skip this
